# Streamy

Well, essentially, the idea behind this application was to build a simplified clone of twitch.tv.

OK, so here's what's going on at a very simple level, behind the scenes we have some streamer running some streaming software, like OBS - Open Broadcaster Software. So when you run it on your computer, that's going to record your desktop and stream that video to some outside server.

One way of putting this video streaming service together is to create a RTMP server, real time messaging protocol. This is a specialized server that is going to receive an incoming video feed and then broadcast that video feed out to a bunch of different viewers who can watch from their browser. RTMP server is not limited to just one streamer at a time. So we could potentially have several different streamers, all sending video to our single server while many different viewers could be watching each of these different streamers at the same time.

However, the RTMP server is only about streaming video, that is its sole purpose. But we also have some other information that we want to share with our users.

So we have a separate API server up that is going to store a list of all the different streams or channels that are available inside of our application.

The user is essentially going to first, inside the browser, visit that server and see the list of streams that are available. Once they see an appropriate stream, they can then select that stream and that will essentially make a request over to this RTMP server to get the live video feed and then show it on the screen to the user inside their browser.

So in total, we have three different moving pieces:

Our React application running inside the user's browser, an API server that lists out all these streams or channels that a user can watch, and the RTMP server, responsible for handling the video streams itself.


# OBS Setup

Settings -> Stream
Stream Type: Custom
URL / Server: rmtp://localhost/live
Stream key: Your key is being generated by your API, you will find on your database (API/db.json), by the stream id value, also it will be displayed at the stream url (domain/live/${id})
